The following is only for reference purpouses; it serves no function to the code, and modifying it will not change the
sim in any way
Name; description; Stat description; abilities; body type; equipment;

*/*GOBLINOIDS*\*
Goblinoids are vile, humanoid creatures, born of a mysterious substance called Soup. When the soup is fed with
(preferably still living) organic matter, metals, or magic, new goblinoids can crawl out of the soup. The higher quality
ingredients, the more powerful the goblinoids. Goblinoids often carry their pot of Soup with them, living nomadicly,
only settling down when they find either a person or force that will provide protection and food for the Soup.
Goblinoids only respect that which can protect the soup. They also often change appearance slightly based on what is fed
into the soup. While goblinoid power varies greatly based on Soup quality, they come in three distinct castes. Goblins
are the weakest and most common, only a little shorter than a human with no hair or outer ears. They have a ridge above
their eyes and a solemn but violent disposition. They view their own lives as expendable, and will gladly sacrifice
themselves to land a single scratch on a greater foe. After all, their bodies will be fed back to the soup, so they can
be reborn. Hobgoblins are somewhat uncommon, and vary more greatly in form. However, they usually have horns of some
sort, and stand at about the same height as an adult male human. They tend to get better weapons than goblins, and
command the goblins under them with intensity and authority. Orcs are the pinnacle of goblinoid strength, born tall,
horned, and muscular. They appear lazy at first blush, being carried most places by goblins, but they are simply
conserving their incredible energy and strength for the battles where they are needed. Many an adventurer has perished
from underestimating them. Goblins will usually wander untill protected by a "sponsor" like an ambitious wizard or king,
but once a force of goblinoids has about twelve orcs, with a thirteenth as orc leader, they will settle down near other
established civilizations, and build their own. For scale, one hobgoblin commands about 10 goblins, and one orc commands
about 10 Hobgoblins, so this force is about 1200 strong in goblins alone. Such an encampment will begin developing
weapons and fortifications, making the goblinoids even more threatening.

Goblin (LV1); A weak, but vile creature. Only has a weapon, if that; Stats are fairly balanced, with good teamwork and
high hostility; Can use handheld weapons and throw a Shoddy punch; it is humanoid; it weilds a Shoddy knife, war pick,
 or nothing.

Goblin (LV2); A goblin that works under a Hobgoblin. Lightly armored and aggressive; Shoddy, but existing defences.
Consistently armed, good teamwork; Can use handheld weapons, light armor and bucklers, and throw a Shoddy punch;
humanoid; for defense, it has a wood buckler or leather cap. For offence, it has a war pick or flint spear.

Hobgoblin (LV5); A charismatic tactician and leader of goblins. Commands the goblins near him with ruthless efficiency;
Great charisma, okay defense and good offense. Has okay armor and weapon; Makes the goblins near it more skilled, uses a
war pick; humanoid; it weilds a tarnished war pick, a degraded leather vest, a Shoddy leather cap, and a shoddy wooden
buckler

*/*MINIONS*\*
A Minion is the most widely varying category of monster. They are inert matter brought to life by synthetic magic,
meaning they never appear naturally. Just about every magic user can make them, though, so they crop up in unexpected
places. All minions are crafted using a quality of the spell "Animation", and a specific amount of matter. For example,
a casting of Shoddy Animation and about one cup of sand can create a sand minion. Or, on the other end, Perfect
Animation can animate an adamantine statue that weighs about one pound (a bit over 3 cubic feet). Minions are not
homogeneous, however. For example, the mater can usually be sculpted to match the form the animator desires, though some
limitations may apply. Such limitations include that only relatively light materials can fly, and some materials are
difficult to sculpt, like sand. No time limit exists for animated creatures, but commanding them is a different spell
altogether, and can wear off, leading to large numbers of "rouge" minions wandering the world until they succumb to
injuries. A minion can not be made any stronger than another of the same material, all differences are purely cosmetic.

Sand minion; One of the weakest minions, one hit can usually destroy them. They look like slugs with glass teeth; No
good stats, weak in all regards. Low hostility; Amorphous; no items

*/*GEISTS*\*
Geists are wayward thoughts that have taken on a life of their own. Either created accidentally through strong emotions,
or intentionally by a magic user.The more powerful a geist is, the more it can manipulate, the smarter it is, and harder
 to dispel it is. While weaker Geists can be safely ignored, the strongest geists have effects that necessitate
 speedy removal. From weakest to strongest, there are seven geists which can control: dust, vibration, singular
 items, many items, buildings, animals, people.

 Staubgheist; a geist that can control dust; no good offence, but can only be destroyed by magic. Weak magic.
 OUTRAGEOUSLY hostile; Amorphous; no items

 */*DRAGONS*\*
 The presence of a single dragon in an area fundamentally alters it. Dragons are living, breathing rifts in reality
 between the mortal plane and an elemental plane. This of course allows what is otherwise a mere animal to summon
 massive blasts of energy from an elemental plane in their signature "breath" attacks, and fly. The energy also corrupts
 living things in the surrounding area into kobolds. People in the area become dragonborn, characterised by a cultish
 reverence for the dragon. The iconic hordes of dragons are not collected by the beast itself; it is offered to it by
 the dragonborn, and, to a lesser degree, the kobolds.

*/*GIANTS*\*
Giants are simply much larger versions of ordinary animals. They only appear when that animal is in it's "purest" state.
For example, giant rats only appear in areas with lots to scavenge, giant humans only appear in cities, giant dragons
only appear in the associated elemental plane. Some animals, like rats, are only dangerous when giant.

Giant rat; a large, vicious rat. Territorial, not evil; high bulk, low defense. Possibly toxic bite; Amorphous; no items

*/*WILD ANIMALS*\*
Some monsters are wild animals, nothing more, nothing less.

Wild Dogs; wild animals that call more allies with their cries when injured; high speed and evade, low other defensive
stats; Amorphous; no items

Monopod; A weird, single footed creature. Moves by hopping; Surprisingly high attack, everything else is pretty low.
Easily distracted; Monopod; may wear a leather boot.

Angry Mushroom; A hostile, walking mushroom; Bulky and sturdy. Can be convinced; Amorphous; No items
